Our guys work home in this lecture, we're going to have some of the craft packages we need.
Okay.
But before they head up to Pop Dot, they're okay.
And over here, we're going to search for the packages we need.
The first package we need is the fan base core.
Okay.
And it's going to take some time based on your network condition.
We can click on this.
Okay.
Then in order to have this package, we need to copy the code and.
Back to our vehicle and then locate the prospect of ammo and we to had this right after the Cupertino
icons.
Okay.
Now the next package we need is.
Is going to be the fan base arts.
Okay.
You can just click on this and.
And over here we can search for five days.
All right.
Okay.
Click on this.
And copy.
The Court and.
Paste it over here.
Okay.
Now we're going to need to click on this.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
I think this is taking longer.
Now the next package we need is the cloud faster.
Okay.
You're going to see what this does very soon, okay.
So as well we need to copy the court and.
Paste Okay.
Now we're going to be integrating the Google sign in, right?
So as well, we need the package.
So to compare the damage and that's to go back to the home screen.
And then we're going to search for Google or sign in.
Okay.
Book signing and click on this.
And then.
Is this okay?
And now we can use control and s to save enough.
That's against all this packages we just added.
Or you can basically click on this, but make sure you have this file saved.
Okay.
This is gonna take some time, and then it's gonna be done, and.
Most of the time it is recommended you restart your vehicle.
Okay.
I'm not going to wait for this.
I'm going to see in the next lecture.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.